DATA PREPROCESSING 
 There are two ways of ranking the products on the basis of customer perspective.
1. Independent Ranking  2. Dependent Ranking
In independent Ranking we are measuring distance of (L/I/V/M/S/N) from consumer's ideal product's in L/I/V/M/S/N. whereas in Dependent ranking system 
we are measuring the distance of (L/I/V/M/S/N) from first result shown by the search engine in  L/I/V/M/S/N.
**L-Link,I-Image,V-Videos,M-Maps,S-Shopping,N-News

since it's difficult to find the consumer's ideal product in each category of Independent Ranking. we are considering the dependent Ranking system ie, we are
taking the first result shown by the search engine in each category as an ideal product.

Dependency method
1.instead of ranking we are considering scores of variables.
2.we considered Image category and supposed that there are 50 variables for an image.for image1,image2.....image13 we randomly generated values between 1-100 
for these 50 variables.
3.Here image1 is considered as an ideal one.
4.checking the dependency of image1's scores with others using chi square test.

CHI-SQUARE TEST 
  The Chi-Square test is a statistical method used to determine if there is a significant association between two categorical variables. 
It helps us understand whether the observed distribution of categorical data differs from the expected distribution, assuming certain hypotheses.

Types of Chi-Square Tests
There are two main types of Chi-Square tests:
1)Chi-Square Test for Goodness of Fit: This test determines whether the observed frequency distribution of a categorical variable fits a theoretical distribution.
2)Chi-Square Test for Independence: This test investigates if there is a relationship between two categorical variables. 

In this context, the test determines whether the observed and expected values exhibit similarity or not.

Chi-Square Test 
Manual calculation Steps:-

1)Formulate Hypotheses:
Ho : There is no similarity between Observed and expected values
Ha : There is similarity between Observed and expected values

2)Collect and Organize Data:
collect and organize the data in spreadsheet

3)Calculate the Chi-Square Statistic:
For each cell, calculate the contribution to the Chi-Square statistic using:
 χ2= Σ(O-E)^2/E

 where , χ2 is the chi-square statistics
         O is the observed values
         E is the expected values(values of variables in image1)
Sum up the contributions from all cells to obtain the Chi-Square statistic.

4)Determine Degrees of Freedom:
Calculate the degrees of freedom using:
 df = n-1

where, n is the No:of variables

5)Calculate P-Value:
calculate the p-value associated with the Chi-Square statistic 
CHISQ.DIST.RT(statistic ,df) (in spreadsheet)

6)Compare Chi-Square Statistic P-Value:
If the calculated p-value is less than the significance level, reject the null hypothesis.

7)Create a graph depicting the p-values obtained from the tests
