Group Discussion
Introduction:
Moderator: Greetings and provide participants with brief overview of the Group Discussion
(In this section, we will be presenting three images.  These images represent responses obtained from a Google search related to instant food etc..Project details or objectives will not be informed to the participants  ).
Objectives:
The primary objectives of these GDs are to assess participant’s agreement with the variables and to discover sub-variables within them and conditions for assigning values to variables .  
Participant Selection: Randomly select 5 participants for each GD, with replacement, for a total of 7 GDs. 
Participant Anonymity: Participants should not be informed about the project details or objectives to ensure unbiased responses.
Moderator : The moderator will guide discussions, manage time, and encourage active participation and conclude the GD.
GD Methodology:
We have carefully structured each GD as follows:
GD1: Image A, Image B, and Image C will be presented.Components will be discussed in the order of Text, Image, Heading, Sublink, Video, Rating, and Provider.
GD2: Image D, Image A, and Image E will be presented.Components will be discussed in the order of Provider, Text, Image, Heading, Sublink, Video, and Rating.
GD3: Image G, Image F, and Image A will be presented.Components will be discussed in the order of Rating, Provider, Text, Image, Heading, Sublink,and Video.
GD4: Image A, Image I, and Image H will be presented.Components will be discussed in the order of Video,Rating, Provider, Text, Image, Heading, and Sublink.
GD5: Image J, Image K, and Image A will be presented.Components will be discussed in the order of Sublink,Video,Rating, Provider, Text, Image,and Heading.
GD6: Image M, Image A, and Image L will be presented.Components will be discussed in the order of Heading, Sublink, Video, Rating, Provider, Text, and Image.
GD7: Image A, Sponsored 1, and Sponsored 2 will be presented. Components will be discussed in the order of Image, Heading, Sublink, Video, Rating, Provider, and Text.

Discussion Flow:
To begin, we will present Image A, which serves as our base image. Image A along with  the following Components, and these components will be disclosed to the participants in the specific order as mentioned below:

·       Text
·       Heading
·       Image
·       Sublink
·       Video
·       Rating
·       Provider
Each of these components will be defined to the participants. 
Identifying Variables
 Participants are prompted to identify variables under each of the seven components and     define them.
  Participants' input is noted without disclosing the previously identified 47 variables.
 If a variable has already been identified, we will provide our definition for it and ask each participant whether they agree or not. The moderator will then record the count of participants who agree and those who do not

Variables Sheet link :https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1t_mfJslybYsAun4bRh4AxXjIJSr5Ny5XaI8hDyE74IU/edit#gid=2034794879

 Presentation of Image B and Image C
Images B and C are shown.
Participants are asked to score these variables.
Participants provide reasons for their scores, which will lead us to subvariables.
The moderator discusses participants' reasons for scoring variables in Images B/C.
Agreement and disagreement are noted, and conditions for assigning values to sub-variables are established.
Note to Moderator:
In GD2, please note that we will present Image D first, providing basic information such as "this is the response of the Google search," before moving to Image A (the master image). In Image A, explain the seven components and then continue the process as outlined in GD1. Ensure that the order of image presentation follows the methodology section.
If new variables come up during the discussion (beyond the initial 47), please make a note of them, and these variables will be considered in the following GD sessions

Scaling:
In the scaling part, participants will be provided with three scales: -BAB, -CAC, and -CBC
Each scale will follow a specific range, structured as follows: -B, -5, -4, -3, -2, -1, A, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, B (-BAB), -C, -5, -4, -3, -2, -1, A, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, C (in -CAC), and -C, -5, -4, -3, -2, -1, B, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, C (in -CBC). 
Participants will engage in a collective discussion and decision-making process to determine where they should place Image B and Image C on each respective scale (-BAB, -CAC, -CBC). This placement should take into consideration all the variables and sub-variables discussed during the group discussions (GD). The moderator will record the position collectively agreed upon by the group. 
It's important to note that there will be only one output per group discussion based on the group's consensus.

Outcome:
The outcome of these GDs will be the identification of sub-variables. Participants will assign scores to main variables, and the reasons they provide for these scores will lead to the discovery of sub-variables and conditions for assigning values to variables.
Score sheet link :  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1t3cs-btRqPxwwfs8Fd-SLras-xGzETVs044fq4yavBc/edit?usp=sharing

Moderator's Role:
Throughout the discussions, the moderator will guide participants in scoring the main variables and encourage them to explain their reasoning. The moderator will explore why certain scores were assigned, leading to the identification of sub-variables and conditions for assigning values to variables.


Conclusion:
The moderator will conclude the discussion, summarising key insights.
 
